Fix #377 (#378)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    duplicated transaction ids.  [[#366]]
 -  Fixed a bug that `NullReferenceException` occurred when serializing default
    `Address`.  [[#369]]

>  -  Fixed a bug that `TurnClient` throws `KeyNotFoundException` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug that `TurnClient` had thrown `KeyNotFoundException` and
```

>     `IOException` when startup.  [[#377], [#378]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `IOException` on startup.  [[#377], [#378]]
```
